Add FAQ on /metadata endpoint (#202)
tinkerbell/hegel: README.md

curl -H "X-Forwarded-For: 10.10.10.10" http://localhost:50061/2009-04-04/meta-data/hostname
```

### What is the `/metadata` endpoint

Historically, `/metadata` (which is different to the EC2 `/2009-04-04/meta-data` endpoint) has

> provided [Equinix Metal Metadata][equinix-metadata]. It exists in Hegel versions <= v9.x. In v10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provided [Equinix Metal Metadata][equinix-metadata]. It exists in Hegel versions <= v0.9. In v0.10
```
